Mom
It's me, I'm Xu Fen
You are the wind
Isn't that you?
Oops mom miss you
Mom, what's wrong with you?
What's wrong with your eye?
What's wrong with our family?
Since you walked in
Zhao Fujin
He came to our house to ask for money
Old man, your son dares to touch me
No 20 million compensation
I made your whole family unable to survive
Our house and car are sold
Just 500,000
Give me a few more days of grace.
Yeah, just give us a few more days.
No money, right?
Come and get under my crotch
A hundred more kowtows
I can consider giving you a few days of grace
Master Zhao has to forgive others
Besides
It's your fault first
We have to be reasonable, right?
You immortal
Dare to reason with me
In this city, Lao Tzu is the law of heaven
If you don't get through here today
Pay more and let people chase after you
Take good care of your son
Oh, old man.
You can't fall, get up
I can't get up
Can't you?
No one can come
Flowers are an old thing's teeth smashed for me
Now.
Look at this old thing
What can be paid off?
Hey, why don't you dig out his cornea for me?
Zhao Family Zhao Tianhua
I want you to die.